You can edit these too! 
evil game design must never be done for money reasons, evil game design must be done for the love of evil itself          <--NOTICE!!!! SPLASH TEXTS THIS LONG ARE NOT READABLE AT ALL!!!!!
"Johnathon Blow and Sib... A legacy of misogyny."-CarelessAnonymous
GAMATION!!!!!!!!!!!!
But what do the 3 dots mean?
"'be gay?' hell yeah ! 'be gage?' sure ?"-pansear
If you're reading this, ping BossSauce!
Anything is Possible!
Anything is Pawsible!
Crispybag Dating Profile
"hawk tuah proved to me that women can be so powerful"-butcherberries
Sparkle Dog!
"when tykim accidentally kills you somehow:"-touhoe
"(at) ricky castle and i have to fight dark gage with my level 3 orchid"-Nyan
"the core block after a few seconds:"-asgord
"map by tobyaaa where you have to log into your bank on a new phone"-Appels
"counting or not counting withheld submissions"-abuffzucchini
"When the   vivid   isabyss!"-rin
val "socks are clothes" kyria
ricky67
"cloud room mog"-Bosssauce
BOOOORIIIIIIIIING
The Nefarious Haystack
"do you guys like my original character crunchyrag"-Donker19
this is just qualityslop. You only like it because it's good
What?
farm merge valley
Something to do with dragons
When Goldeners Fell Into DEADLY TRAPS
"divorcing someone with a map but the map is red gm"-Appels
I think the world needs less social networks... and, more mycelium networks!!!
"i only want noahcrawfish as my mother if he says 'I am the wild crawfish'"-juctker
"dinosaur rawr!"-Crispybag
evil game design must be done for the love of evil itself
I farted is that an achievement
??? is it?
Okay so imagine a really big and fluffy tail
In a clever twist on the game's mecanics, the humble spring, which previously helped you reach higher elevation, is now an obstacle that will launch you directly into these sharp ceiling spikes.
What an ironic turn of events.
Nobody got yesterday's Wordle... but today is a new day!
"you inherit a big house from your uncle but hes tobyaaa"-OkNano
"'irl oomfie' so we call those friends"-citrea
"its like that thing where all evolution finishes at crabs"-Abuffzucchini
How deep is the mud? Depends on who you ask.
Short people have less value
arf!
Make sure to load up your world one more time. There might be something you missed!
try using "horse" for all your wordle guesses.
"Just going around loosening bolts and stuff would go kinda crazy"-NoahCrawfish
wordle?
"nyan with a hat, nyan, aged nyan, nyan with an apron, nyan with the fade, nyan with a blindfold, nyan after the lobotomy, nyan after transitioning, nyan looking down while throwing her arms up"-Tykim
"nyan with a hat, aged nyan, nyan with an apron, nyan with the fade"-Tykim
The word was  NoahCrawfish
"WHAT THE FUCK IS A YUMPLIN"-Bossauce
"your skin is green and fuzzy now"-Bosssauce
cosmic sansd
glyg
Ice Wounce!
"It will always be Mario Monday if you keep Mario in your heart."-Mario
Danother Farewell Map
Jank or Trolling?
my apolocheese
Bitches love my fluffy tail and soft ears
FLY ON IN FOR SUBTEMBER 11TH! YOU WILL 'NEVER FORGET' THIS DEAL
His name is Edwin. He made The Mimic.
National Puppy Day!
Why I DON"T Like Calculus III
stot: another term for pronk.
NEW MIMIC THEORY?
thought this was a beautiful butch lesbian... it's just shigeru fucking miyamoto
Dog of indomitable hope and optimism:
"Friend who's secretly Chinese: Wanna play some Celestial Metropolis?"-lirachonyr
Miyamoto really screwed up on this one!
That's not... the ThornRing, is it?
woof!
HI! IM KINDWOLF. TAKE SOME TIME TODAY TO REMIND URSELF U R WORTHY OF LOVE!
Women are like strawberries. Sometimes they're at the grocery store
"the bomb is coming."-furret
Would you Eat a pizza slive for 1 million dollars? Or Eat 1 million dollars for a slice of pizza?
Gonna miss my Chinese spy. He always found the part 2s to all the storytimes I watched
Wife,   wait for me.USA is not too far.
why would you say that
6$ SRIMP SPECIAL
You are nice, please don't explode or something <3
I'm a chuckster!
dont address him
NoahElephant
Nice opinion, however you don't own a poptart
On the Internet, everyone knows you're a dog!
"Why can't I play in the abandoned copper mine?" BECAUSE JOE HART DIDN'T CLEAR OUT THE VAMPIRE DENS
Golden Freddy I Hope Nothing Bad Happens To You
Hello everybody my name is Markiplier
TUMMY ACHE SURVIVOR
el gato balatro
We have sealed the deal
Beds with gay slurs!
███████ ██ ████████████
:redmistiline:
Ft. Heavenly by Phant!
yeah i like to imagine dragons sometimes why
Wall Kicks Will Work
"when nallard'''' speaks my ass sists down and LISTENS"-Appels
Can't wait for society to collapse so MY collab can rise from the ashes!
FORE!!!
top 10 celeste maps id like to fuck
1. Ligament
What are the Mario Bros views on Delusional Canopy?
When you get to heaven but it's Chinese
"i just peed a little"-abuffzucchini
Popular Mapping Clique
the wet one is approaching
"All Right" by abuffzucchini
Measles Collab
Sixteen thousand raccoons
After HIS 150TH MAP, SEEKING RETIRE THE VEGTABLE WILL MEET HIS FATED EXPIRE
ERIKA I KNOW HOW YOU FEEL. I LOST MY CHARLIE TOO
bosssauce deco
Effeminate dentist: You need to brush your gums more-- wait why am i "effeminate?"
"she still asks if I'm talking to 'broccoli' sometimes"-tobyaaa
bat!
dog!
cat!
fox!
fops!
fennec fox!
fennec fops!
bunny!
how hungry...
pablo space program
King Ricky's Mechanical Fortress
"'First come, first served' - me, 2025"-NoahCrawfish
petasan
Mongolian Dog Wind Tunnel Experiment
...That's from Zrandle... DONKER!!!
blushes like a slut
oh like the fruit
gamation has 675+ hours on Geometry Dash
The Complicated? I thought it was quite shrimple!
"Microwave Metropolis by Midnight" by abuffzucchini
"Celeste: The Last Madeline" by Goose
"F.I.S.H. ( Fish In Space How ?? )" by Goose
"Pooltoy Adventure" by OkNano
"Horses Can Look Up And Down" by OkNano
"Summit Ballsside" by Ru
"Astolfo Skinmod" by Spooooky
"Comb Deluxe" by tobyaaa
"Feather vs. Fascism: A Cautionary Tale" by Donker19
"Overgrown Metro: A Mapping Contest" by Donker19
Alright... I'll be taking my leave.
some sort of... weird bug.
jank! that i
"The Gatorade flow" by Scribbles
"Musispybappels Crawnslation Don(k)test Juckter03" by Crispybag and friends
"Spumper Point" by Crispybag
"Not So Green" by Simonius
"Factorius" by Simonius
"Factorio" by Simonius
"Cloudy With a Chance of Balls" by Simonius
ruff!
Aurora was here
But nobody came
Wawawawawa
So long, gay bowser!
Talk about a Boom Town!
cover your hands in oil
It gives you a speed boost!
Two Thousand Species of Splash Text!
Temple on the Overworld!
Minecraft: the last Steve!
Chillout Extreme Hills 64!
The Slimeblock Flow!
It Might Get A Little Nether!
You Might Want to Bring a Carved Pumpkin!
Another End Map!
30 times the enderdragon wasn't strong enough!
the gems on the wall might be important
Bosssauce Mappack 2!
This will be important for the run!
It's all GREEN???
This is the hardest challenge I've done on this channel
Name one time I have lied.
Can I beat minecraft without ominous trial key?
The nether is made out of magenta carpet. WOW!
So I went down to Halloween Hill...
Hi! I'm Abuffzucchini!
Your map is now a standalone. Goodbye!
New marshall map. any day now. trust me on this
guys im godfather
bissy
Slang for "calculator"!
I hid a dash code in one of the textures by the way. Or did I?
Shouldn't you be working on your contest entry?
Searching for a gamationbait youtube video that doesn't exist
@orchid hop on rocket league
Join my coop game on Bloons TD 6!
Summer deck Void stake
If you found a new clue, you'd know what to do!
A star at dawn... a bubble, in a stream...
SEEK THE GOLDEN PATH
...and that's R key.
waiiiiit hop on Super Smash Physics Battle
She's lowkey come to take back what's hers
someone PLEAAASE help me finish secret santa I BEG YOU
zucchini contest 5 when
This will be noah's frog game in five years.
I bet bosssauce won't ever see this splash text
that's how they get you!
be really careful tomorrow
scraggly...
And now, an ode!
This one was invented by a writer.
This little bosssauce is safe and secure in the sanctity of his own home.
Hey watson. Cinder block!
Docta peppa
Bro can hear sounds
The quiet sadness of Sarcophagus by Soloiini
The Bears, madeline...
Find my pages
That's what he does!!!!
it's woods time for you
:( Bridge
Looks like I've just, manipulated you...
BINGO! Thanks mister
My lust for peace outweighs my transphobia
What is going on everybody I am dadbod
Get in loser, we're going to the internet
Bosssauce should go to Jail
coming straight from YOUR HOUSE
Also try Light the Way!
Also try Trivia Jump!
Also try Where could I Bee!
Also try Astronautilus!
Also try Elementalist!
Abuffzucchini casts an evil spell
Did you know your full name is Peppino Spaghetti? That's unfortunate.
wait wait wait everyone shut up I just got Cavendish
memorize the next splash text you see by the way. It'll be important later.
can't think of anything funny just go read bill wurtz tweets
Jump, dash and grab in this new celeste map!
It's an Ender Pea. It shoots minecraft blocks
They call it puppy, because of the way it acts
smots gaming
Oooops! :(
It was always. The evil version. Was me. Of.